[WC-1636] Gallery selection API (#381)
mendix/web-widgets: packages/pluggableWidgets/gallery-web/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> -   With new "Selection" property it is now possible to make items of the gallery selectable. Additionally, it is possible to configure "On selection change" action that runs when the selection changes.

Author: ```suggestion
-   With the new "Selection" property, it is now possible to make items in the gallery selectable. Additionally, it is possible to configure an "On selection change" action that runs when the selection changes.
```
